# Results Directories

Next are folders and files generated by each format.
###  ```backward```
Includes files for backward propagation at each number of time steps defined in the call back configuration **```show_each=200```**

###  ```forward```
Includes files for forward propagation at each number of time steps defined in the call back configuration **```show_each=200```**

###  ```reverse```
Includes files for reverse propagation at each number of time steps defined in the call back configuration **```show_each=200```**
        * In case of 2 propagation:it will include the reread data of forward propagation.

###  ```shots```
Includes files of the correlation result of each shot separately.

###  ```stacked_shot``` 
Includes files of the stacked correlation result of consecutive shots.
    * ```stacked_correlation_0.bin```: The correlation of the first shot only 
    * ```stacked_correlation_1.bin```: The stacking of the correlation results of the first and second shots.

###  ```traces```
Includes files of the traces of each shot with some modifications if applied.

###  ```traces_raw```
Includes files of the raw traces of each shot without any modifications .

###  ```velocities```
Includes files of the forward and backward velocity with boundary extension for each shot.

###  ```migration.*```
The final migrated values in the regarded format.

###  ```velocity.*```
The used velocity model with boundary extension in the regarded format.

## CSV
* **.csv**: (comma-separated values) file format of the output folder.
* To enable it make **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"csv"```** in callback configuration.

## Images
* **.png** file format of the output folder.
* To enable it make **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"image"```** in callback configuration.
* Can only  be enabled if **OpenCV** is used and **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"image"```** in callback configuration.

## SEG-Y
* **.segy** file format of the output folder.
* To enable it make **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"segy"```** in callback configuration.

## SU
* **.su** file format of the output folder
* To enable it make **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"su"```** in callback configuration.

## Binary
* **.bin** file format of the output folder.
* To enable it make **```"enable": "yes"```** for **```"binary"```** in callback configuration

## Others

###  ```filtered_migration.segy```
The **```.segy```** format of the final migration after applying some filters to it.

### ```timing_results.txt```
Timings of different functions, also include Gpts/s , GB/s , Gflops/s of the different kernels.

### ```norm```
Includes the norm values for the forward, backward and reverse propagation in **```.tsv```** (Tab Separated Values) format.


### Timing
* Supported values for equation order : second | first
    * First wave equation timing in 2x of second wave equation.  
* Forward collector possible values : two | three | two-compression
    * Three:\
      Is the fastest approach in timing.
    * Two:\
      Is the slowest one  as it depends on th I/O of the machine.
    * Two-compression:\
      Timing is intermediate between three and two and also depends on the I/O and compression used.
